c:\users\ukharel\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FinalProject\FinalProject\bin\Debug\FinalProject.exe.config
c:\Users\ukharel\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\FinalProject\FinalProject\bin\Debug\FinalProject.exe
c:\Users\ukharel\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\FinalProject\FinalProject\bin\Debug\FinalProject.pdb
c:\Users\ukharel\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\FinalProject\FinalProject\bin\Debug\ZedGraph.dll
c:\Users\ukharel\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\FinalProject\FinalProject\bin\Debug\ZedGraph.xml
c:\Users\ukharel\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\FinalProject\FinalProject\bin\Debug\de\ZedGraph.resources.dll
c:\Users\ukharel\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\FinalProject\FinalProject\bin\Debug\es\ZedGraph.resources.dll
c:\Users\ukharel\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\FinalProject\FinalProject\bin\Debug\fr\ZedGraph.resources.dll
c:\Users\ukharel\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\FinalProject\FinalProject\bin\Debug\hu\ZedGraph.resources.dll
c:\Users\ukharel\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\FinalProject\FinalProject\bin\Debug\it\ZedGraph.resources.dll
c:\Users\ukharel\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\FinalProject\FinalProject\bin\Debug\ja\ZedGraph.resources.dll
c:\Users\ukharel\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\FinalProject\FinalProject\bin\Debug\pt\ZedGraph.resources.dll
c:\Users\ukharel\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\FinalProject\FinalProject\bin\Debug\ru\ZedGraph.resources.dll
c:\Users\ukharel\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\FinalProject\FinalProject\bin\Debug\sk\ZedGraph.resources.dll
c:\Users\ukharel\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\FinalProject\FinalProject\bin\Debug\sv\ZedGraph.resources.dll
c:\Users\ukharel\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\FinalProject\FinalProject\bin\Debug\tr\ZedGraph.resources.dll
c:\Users\ukharel\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\FinalProject\FinalProject\bin\Debug\zh-cn\ZedGraph.resources.dll
c:\Users\ukharel\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\FinalProject\FinalProject\bin\Debug\zh-tw\ZedGraph.resources.dll
c:\Users\ukharel\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\FinalProject\FinalProject\obj\Debug\FinalProject.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\ukharel\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\FinalProject\FinalProject\obj\Debug\FinalProject.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\Users\ukharel\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\FinalProject\FinalProject\obj\Debug\FinalProject.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\Users\ukharel\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\FinalProject\FinalProject\obj\Debug\FinalProject.exe
c:\Users\ukharel\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\FinalProject\FinalProject\obj\Debug\FinalProject.pdb
C:\Users\ukharel\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\FinalProject\FinalProject\obj\Debug\FinalProject.Form1.resources
